# Introduction to Amaranth
Amaranth is a tabletop role-playing game inspired by both White Wolf's Storyteller system and Bethesda's The Elder Scrolls series. The Amaranth, in the Elder Scrolls lore, is the Dreamer of the current Universe. Their point of view and interpretation of the world influences directly and indirectly in everything that happens in the Universe, from what people look like to how planets are shaped. With this in mind, the Narrator of an adventure will mantle the role of the Amaranth, and imagine the world in their own way.

Everything is set in the planet of Nirn, with its main continent being Tamriel, where most known things happen. Tamriel is a continent filled with stories and races, with different environments that vary from lush rain forests to deserts with constant sandstorms. You can experience this world in both electronic and tabletop games, and Amaranth is yet another way to enjoy the feeling of being a denizen of Tamriel.

This adaptation of White Wolf's 20th Anniversary Edition of Storyteller will take you to amazing places to have amazing adventures with your friends. Knowing your way around World of Darkness games helps a lot with understanding Amaranth, but that is not required, as we have extensive guides on how the system works. Amaranth is very similar to V20 (Vampire: the Masquerade) and W20 (Werewolf: the Apocalypse) in many ways, but since it's an adaptation, new mechanics will be part of this system, as well as some old mechanics that might work slightly different from its Storyteller counterparts.

Attributes and Abilities work just the same as they do in V20, but we do have different items in those categories. The Attributes and Abilities featured in Amaranth were based on The Elder Scrolls games, but the way they work will be very similar to what you might be used to. Additional mechanics based on the games were also added, such as classes and birthsigns, and those include their own set of mechanics and features that characters gain access to. Some mechanics are optional, such as add-ons, but others are part of the base system. But do remember: you can always alter rules or not use them to suit the needs of your adventure. The key here is to have fun while imagining a world of possibilities within the continent of Tamriel.

This website aims to describe how Amaranth works, and also give a grasp of The Elder Scrolls lore to the layman. We will use the UESP and the Imperial Library as our main source of information, and links to these websites will be provided as we make the necessary descriptions of locations, characters or events. We encourage you to read these websites as they have very solid information of the lore of the Elder Scrolls universe as well as the games themselves, and are kept by former and current employees of Bethesda as well as fans and lorebuffs that write and curate the content for the websites.

## The Aurbis
The Aurbis is where everything exists, all the planes of existence, all the planets, all the stars. Within these cosmos, there are three planes of existence: Mundus, Oblivion and Aetherius. Mundus is the mortal plane, where the Nirn and its orbits moons of Masser and Secunda are located; Oblivion is the plane where the Daedric Princes and their realms are located; Aetherius is the realm of Magnus and magic, where some of the spirits of creation have fled to.

Nirn is where all games of the franchise are located in, and is a planet in the plane of Mundus. It features the continents of Tamriel, Yokuda and Akavir, although the games have only explored Tamriel - Akavir and Yokuda are mentioned in-lore only. Tamriel has been ruled by the Empire of Cyrodiil for most of recorded history, and there are nine provinces in the Empire. Those are Cyrodiil (native land of the Imperials), Skyrim (home to the Nords), High Rock (home to the Bretons), Morrowind (home to the Dunmer, also known as Dark Elves), Hammerfell (native country of the Redguards), Valenwood (the Bosmer, or Wood Elves, are native to this land), Elsweyr (home to the cat-folk Khajiit), Black Marsh (also known as Argonia, home to the lizard-folk Argonians) and the Summerset Isles (an archipelago just off the southwestern coast of Tamriel, the native land of the Altmer, also known as High Elves). The only main race of the series that doesn't have their own province is the Orsimer, also known as Orcs, as they are known to be the "pariah elves".

Although these are the main explored places in the series, your Narrator may choose to set the adventure in any of the places provided by the Elder Scrolls lore - or by their imagination. Due to the diversity of Tamriel, each place may have their own rules, so don't forget to check with your Narrator where the story will take place.

## How to play the game
There is a basic flow to all TTRPG games, which is the storytelling element. Actions might require dice rolls to make sure they succeeded, and to also see how well they succeeded. The basic flow is as follows:
* **The Narrator describes an environment and the events in that environment**, telling the players what's around their characters with or without small details. This will present the players with choices or possibilities of what can be done.
* **The players then describe their actions or reactions to the events and environments described**, and that might be a simple line of speech or a more complex action. This may require dice rolls, as some actions might be hard to perform and might relay on the character's abilities or attributes, and the Narrator may request tests of those values at will. A character might investigate a death scene, or try to pick the lock of a door, they may try to start a fight or approach an NPC in a friendly manner.
* **The Narrator then describes the outcome of the character's actions**, and sometimes that might also require dice rolls to determine the chance of something happen or even the reaction of an NPC to what a character has done. Once this is done, the Narrator gets back to the beginning and describes the environment again.

The entire game follows this basic flow, and this determines what will happen in the universe set for the game.
