# The Fall of the Empire

In 4E 201, the Stormcloak Rebellion managed to achieve their objective of kicking the Imperial forces out of Skyrim, and, after almost 700 years of being a client-state of the Third Empire, they could once again feel the taste the independence, following Hammerfell's example, that, in 4E 175, signed the Second Treaty of Stros M'Kai to end the Thalmor invasion that lasted for ten years. Like Hammerfell, Skyrim, feeling betrayed by the fact that Emperor Titus Mede II signed the White-Gold Concordat, removed itself from the Empire, declaring itself an independent nation after winning the civil war.

During these events, a mysteryous figured, supposedly a member of the Elder Council, performed the Black Sacrament, sealing a contract with the Dark Brotherhood to kill the Emperor, who was visiting the city of Solitude for the wedding of his niece, Vittoria Vici. Chancellor Alexander Carius was appointed Imperial Potentate after the death of the Emperor and end of the Mede Dynasty, and took control over the Council - something that hadn't happened for 200 years, when Ocato of Firsthold was appointed Potentate after the fall of the Septim Dynasty, and 1500 years prior, with Versidue-Shaie being appointed Potentate after the fall of the Reman Dysnasty.

In 4E 205, with the new Potentate, the Concil felt safe, but this news didn't appease the Thalmor, that since the end of the Great War already had tensions with the Imperial government. The Aldmeri Dominion besieged the cities of Bravil and Leyawiin, taking its counties and annexing them into the territory of Anequina. General Falx concentrated Legions in the cities of Kvatch and Skingrad to protect the border, now that the basin of the Niben had been conquered by the Dominion. Troops were stationed in the borders with Anequina to be protected. The Second Great War begins.

The province of High Rock, to the northwest of Tamriel, known as one of the most loyal to the Empire, felt the pains of a missing government, now that both Skyrim and Hammerfell, the only means of access to the province through land, were blocked. The Breton kingdoms fell into conflicts - as usual, breaking themselves apart bit by bit. In 4E 207, King Gothryd III of the United Kingdom of Daggerfall and Camlorn declared his official exit from the province of High Rock, essentially creating a new State in Tamriel. At this point, the province of High Rock wasn't what people were used to anymore. Treaties between Daggerfall and Hammefell were signed, opening the borders between the countries and allowing free commerce to be done, enriching both. The Redguards were used to trading with the Maormer of Pyandonea, that also started to trade with the Bretons of Daggerfall. With so many conflicts everywhere in the Imperial territory, many of them with no seeable resolution, the sovereignty of the Black Marsh saw the Empire as incapable of ruling, and, being in constant conflict with the Dunmer of Morrowind, also decided to declare independence from the Empire. With all of this, Potentate Alexander Caius declares the end of the Fourth Era.

In 5E 3, the Imperial territory had basically diminished itself to contain only Cyrodiil, since the only remaining province, High Rock, was in constant war between its feudal kingdoms. Dukes and Colovian nobles felt wronged, since the heart of the Empire was crumbling, with all of the Niben lost. Nibenese nobles took refuge in Colovian lands, and some took advantage of the situation and allied with the Dominion and the Thalmor in exchange for power and gold. Internal conflicts for the Ruby Throne begin at the same time as Potentate Alexander tries to maintain order to protect the central lands from Dominion attacks. The Reach, currently in war between Breton kings, is also of interest to the Nords, as it is a territory that has historically been disputed between the two races.