# The Great War

Known by the inhabitants of Summerset as the First War Against the Empire, it started in 4E 171. After the Oblivion Crisis in 3E 433, the Empire was weakened, and started to fall from the inside. The last Dragonborn Emperor, Martin Septim, was dead, and yet another dynasty with dragon blood was undone. Ocato of Firsthold assumed the post of Potentate and came to rule the Empire in the best way possible, when, in 4E 10, he was murdered. To this day no one knows who ordered the murder of the Potentate, but everyone knows that the objective was ending the Septim Dynasty for good, and all of its influence - after all, the last Potentate, the remnant of the Reman Dynasty, was also murdered to the Ruby Throne could be taken. Once again, the Empire was in a red alert, a period that became known as the Stormcrown Interregnum, in reference to Tiber Septim, founder of the Third Empire.

The post-Oblivion Crisis era was very chaotic and catastrophic. The White-Gold and Crystal Towers were deactivated, the Chim-el Adabal (known as the Amulet of Kings) was destroyed and the Red Diamond was broken. Baar Dau, the Ministry of Truth, a rock said to be one of Vivec's children, fell over the city of Vivec and destroyed it completely. This woke the Red Mountain, whose eruption devastated the island of Vvardenfell completely. Part of continental Morrowind was also decimated, and the Great Houses became weak. Historical cities and sites, such as Balmora, Tel Fyr, Ald'ruhn and Sadrith Mora, were completely destroyed. No one knows who killed Potentate Ocato, but it is suspected that this is the Thalmor's doing, after having taken control over Summerset, and once again, plotting to take over the Ruby Throne. Hammerfell and the kingdoms of High Rock unite to sack Orsinium again, causing the destruction of the city for the thousandth time, forcing Orcs to move to the Dragontail Moutnains. The island of Solstheim is gifted to the Redoran of Morrowind by the Skyrim Crown as a means of helping the Great House, that had lost power after the disasters in Vvardenfell.

The Thalmor takes control over the entire Summerset Isles, and change the country's name to Alinor, in reference to the capital city of Summerset. After seven years, they take over the territory of Valenwood and put and end to the Camoran Dynasty, that had ruled from Elden Root for millennia. After the taking of the Bosmer government, the Aldmeri Dominion is reformed again with the union of Valenwood and Alinor.

In 4E, Masser and Second, Nirn's Moons, disappear from the sky, and this causes chaos in Khajiiti society, given that they depend on the moons to be born, to grow up and to die. The island of Artaeum, headquarters of the Psijic Order, disappears again in 4E 100, and, following that, the Moons reappear. The Thalmor takes credit for that. The Khajiit immediately join the Aldmeri Dominion in gratefulness, completing the formation of the Third Aldmeri Dominion (the first was founded by Queen Ayrenn in the mid Second Era, and the second by the end of the Second Era, destroyed by Tiber Septim and the Numidium during the invasion of Sumemrset). Tamriel is not under the Cyrodilic hegemony anymore, given that two different empires now compete for the territory.

In 4E 115, the Confederation of Elsweyr breaks off, and the country goes back to its original divisions: Anequina and Pelletine, that are now client-states of the Dominion. In 4E 122, the Great Collapse happens, and decimates more than half of the city of Winterhold. For some reason, the famous school of mages, the College of Winterhold, is still intact after the Collapse. In 4E 168, Titus Mede II assumes the Ruby Throne, and becomes Emperor of Cyrodiil. Three years later, in 4E 171, Titus Mede II refuses the Dominion's ultimatum, that had requirements considered exaggerated, and the Great War begins. The city of Bravil is besieged and taken by the forces of General Naarifin of the Aldmeri Dominion.

## Campaigns
### Sacking of the Imperial City
### The Battle of the Red Ring
### The Redguard Resistance
### The Battle of Roseguard
