# The Planemeld

The Planemeld began in 2E 582. Portals and Dark Anchors appeared all over Tamriel, locking themselves to the ground and slowly pulling parts if Nirn closer to the portals, making them float. The portals were all metaphysically connected to the colossal building in Coldharbour, called the Great Shackle. In Coldharbour, a man known as the Mad Architect, was the supposed engineer behind the construction of the Endless Stair, a fort built to be center of the Planemeld. It's said that these structures are powered by the consumption of vital energies of abducted mortals, used for Molag Bal's plan.

With Cyrodiil in ruins and divided by the Three Banner War, few were left to fight against the invading Daedra. Meridia and her servent, Sees-All-Colors, murdered the leader of the Fighters Guild to assume his title of Grandmaster. Under Daedric command and financed by the wealth of the followers of Meridia, the Guild started refusing contracts and focusing its efforts in the destruction of the Dark Anchos and in the opposition of Molag Bal.

With the fall of the Reman Dynasty at the end of the First Era, the Dragonfires went out, without an Emperor to light them. Without a leader, three rival factions emerged - the First Aldmeri Dominion, the Daggerfall Covenant and the Ebonheart Pact used this opportunity to expand their territory at the cost of their rivals and the residents of the Imperial Province of Cyrodiil. The Tharn family, of the infamous Jagar Tharn, forges an alliance with the necromancer Mannimarco in hopes that he will help the Imperial Army with the reanimation of dead soldiers and with the transformation of the then Emperor, Varen Aquilarios, into a Dragonborn, so that he could light the Dragonfires and bring peace to Tamriel once again. But Mannimarco betrays his Imperial allies and helps Daedric Prince Molag Bal invade Tamriel and pull it into his domain.

The result of Mannimarco's betrayal was a historical event that became known as the Soulburst, which caused the deaths of thousands of people, besides the taking of their souls to power the machines used to achieve the Planemeld, that would join Mundus and Coldharbour together. With the conclusion of the ritual, disasters occurred in all four corners of Nirn. Mages died or went mad, the Red Mountain erupted in Morrowind, earthquakes shook Skyrim, huge storms devastated the coasts of Elsweyr and Valenwood. The constellation of the Serpent grew so big that it threatened all other constellations.

# Campanhas
## Guilda dos Lutadores
## A Cidade Oca